Configurable `--network` providers docs (#3875)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/appendix/snfoundry-toml.md

Reviewer: We should also add a dedicated section.

Reviewer 2: [Network and RPC Providers](https://foundry-rs.github.io/starknet-foundry/starknet/sncast-overview.html?highlight=--network#network-and-rpc-providers) this section has info on network and url flag, maybe it makes sense cross referencing the configuration from there?

block-explorer = "StarkScan"
```

#### `[sncast.<profile-name>.networks]`

The URLs of the predefined networks can be configured.
When you use `--network <network_name>`, `sncast` first checks whether you have a custom URL configured for that network.

> If none is found, it falls back to the default behavior (public RPC provider for `mainnet`/`sepolia`; auto-detection for `devnet`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the absence of a user-defined value, the default configuration is applied - public RPC provider is used for `mainnet` and `sepolia`, and the `devnet` endpoint is determined automatically.
```

```toml
[sncast.myprofile.networks]
mainnet = "https://mainnet.your-node.com"
sepolia = "https://sepolia.your-node.com"
devnet = "http://127.0.0.1:5050"

> ```

Reviewer 2: Will an inline table also work for that? 
https://toml.io/en/v1.0.0#inline-table

So I can do 

```toml
[sncast.myprofile]
networks = { mainnet = "...", sepolia = "...", ...}
```

Author: I can always just do something like this:

``` toml
[sncast.myprofile.networks]
mainnet = "https://mainnet.your-node.com"
sepolia = "https://sepolia.your-node.com"
devnet = "http://127.0.0.1:5050"

[sncast.otherprofile]
networks = { mainnet = "https://mainnet.your-node.com", devnet = "http://127.0.0.1:5050" }
```
